leave to know that
your agents have shipped
the work end to
end. Here, we're just
using, you know, GitHub
issues. We're posting literally
right back to the
issue that kicked off
the workflow. A lot
of engineers, you know,
you're going to want
to look at the
pull request. You're going
to want to push
content information to the
pull request. I do
think that this is
an entire product category
that is important to
build out. Having a
comprehensive review system is
a massive, massive edge
for increasing your review
velocity. Right here, you
can see, you know,
throughout tech, we're keeping
it simple. We're showcasing
concepts, ideas, tactics, right?